Issue #701: Note pipenv project maintenance problems (#715)
pypa/packaging.python.org: source/tutorials/managing-dependencies.rst

web applications), but is also very well suited to managing development and
testing environments for any kind of project.

Developers of Python libraries, or of applications that support distribution
as Python libraries, should also consider the

> `poetry <https://github.com/python-poetry/poetry>`_ project as a possible dependency

Reviewer: "a possible" -> "an alternative"

> `poetry <https://github.com/python-poetry/poetry>`_ project as a possible dependency

Author: ```suggestion
`poetry <https://github.com/python-poetry/poetry>`_ project as an alternative dependency
```
